Ordered Minecraft Version Identifiers

OMV-IDs are used to uniquely identify and compare two versions. Each version id is in the style of JE-XXX-YYY-Z XXX is three hexadecimal digits that represents the major release for that version, this part is important because there has been multiple occasions where a minor release had to be made for a previous release to hotfix a bug. YYY is three hexadecimal digits that represents the order in which the versions where released ie. the first snapshot would be 001, the second 002, and so on. Z is one hexadecimal digit that serves as a spot to insert new versions in between two established version ids if a new reupload of a legacy version is found. Re-uploads of versions have their own ID, they either have their own YYY number if the re-upload was known before hand or will have the same YYY number as another version with the Z number being different if it was caught later. The YYY number should not be trusted to give an accurate order for verions of a development cycle for a Major release. There are version IDs for the "launcher" version of some pre-classic versions as they are technically re-uploads.

This idea is based upon bluecrab2's original SAMVID system (https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Y8XJN0CTCP6aQpEdq47xVLvMceZgCKmpsbemjdN7H5M/edit#gid=0) but has been more optomized for decreasing the chance of running out of ids for a major version and running out of major version ids while still keeping the indvidual ids fairly easily to memorize.
